---
layout: post
title: "November: Little Heroes"
date: 2016-11-26
comments: true
excerpt: "Taking you back in time!"
---

Do you remember what the highlight for November used to be? Yes, the Children’s Day party! That one day where we could dress up to school, and the school pampered us with their generosity! With teachers preparing skits for us, to giving us chocolates and delicious edibles, it was just one of the best parts of our academic life! While some of us might still be showered by this affection, some of us can only look back to dear old memories.

So here is a box that you can indulge in, which has a whole lot of goodies that will take you back to the wonderful days, and also prepare you for the impending celebrations coming up next month!

Our theme for November is Little Heroes! Books with child protagonists have always been trailblazers. From To Kill a Mockingbird, to Harry Potter, these books are loved by all age groups. It is always interesting to read narratives that are from the perspective of a child, as it shows everything in a much different light.

Are you ready for the preview of the November box? As always, the exact nature of contents of The BiblioBox will be a surprise and we will be picking two books from the list mentioned below. The books listed are the best in the category, and the titles and authors mentioned might be your favourites already! This time around too, you can add a graphic novel if you’d like.

From classics to new releases, we have included books with child protagonists spanning various genres. We are quite torn between picking a classic and a new release or picking two very renowned authors.
